A lot of people ask is in a channel on the
youtube is earning money from stuttering
youtube is from the province of bié plays for
I'm ka ho is this thought of
make a video with five basic steps
to start thinking about your channel
as a business
The first step then would be to create
your channel and some basic tips that
we have to think about the content that
fact is interesting and important if
something that now does so has
how you may be different when generating
this content and then begins to work
things like identity is something that is
important to a lot of people who start
to create alstom online channel in life
with 33 points and essay
You can not change your name.
some rough things audiovisual sinister
year is r 1.980 dude if you click on it
already is the sky will call the minister 1980 and
realized in that case he bomb grows
stay in the audience is good you speak people
neither of youtube wants to change the
henrique does not even have some tricks
that people know that for
redirection
but you can not get the content to take
to another place with the same data
updates or even change the world that
channel that's not so uptight straight
that besides being a brand and besides you
help a good name
Of course you will not be able to change yet.
stay that tip of the grandson fruit it
already had two million views back
forth
this is basic and easy short is not is not it
it 's not easy to create it has to be a name
easy to repatriate legal then your
personal channel a visual identity
Nice is producing all week already
there are some views it's time to start
make money on this but like you
need to monetize your channel or give
one touch for youtube that he can
sell media using their vilson and to
monetize you will be logged in to the account
talk about account settings
have a monetization the account list has
that everything is right between a
problem will have a line that will have
if it is actually a click on the tab and took
father and remember that he will release
monetization in that first moment he
until I can see or have content
talk with 3 x videos to monetize
are going to use ok
done, you'll start to see some
ads on video that you have not now
Forget about a new video bid
time and monetizes that video and will not
thinking this is an easy task
make money from your videos only
for you to have a notion
after you should be neither good nor the
yours on your videos
your channel enters a list of
other thousands of millions
is more for the world and is part of a
auction or what it costs for a
brand spoke owner announce at the door of
funds and on your channel offer demand
seeks relevance or even time or
several other things that you have to
stay connected but in a very general way well
generic quotation marks every thousand views
you earn a dollar which is the cost per
million dollars that a dollar is actually a
average
but it is the cpm it will vary according to
the time of relevance so christmas made
a video panetone
maybe the channel search is larger
This goes to 1 90
so had 20 thousand views did not take another
if you have a food channel at the time
of the case, announcing a cost
different but does not start to cry because
It gives to be just a little money on your channel
So, what if you got
many videos on your channel or better
you have many many many and many rivers
You can earn money with your channel.
just recapturing duca if the guy has a thousand
views against gain a dollar and little
between 100 thousand views 100 dollars in
few touches or make it difficult
then michel teló plays in the 15th stadium
billion is cs 1 billion will come to say
I'll say garbage there is too neat to cut nor
cpi I do not know how much is too much, but few are
a lot more money if you generate a
cool content has a legal channel but is
A little more targeted Speaks for less
people does not mean you can not
make money because I think it 's this
that matters just this segmentation
You talk about something specific and there.
you have a specific audience
regardless of the size of the quantity
for example playing the blog that people
Italy knows great sugar was to have
An ingenious idea , he doubts.
answer the conversation with the crew about
specific automotive problems
then suddenly the battery mark goes
seeing the potential of the
benguela province favor or
sponsor the channel macaé merchant
my brand appears I think with
sure was canceled advertising worth
much more worth it to invest this
capital than to enter the auction
gang style michel cpm wacky
lorca who will speak to a public mix
very comprehensive people including the
worldwide were impacted right around the
difference the more impacted in this 1
million people or there on that channel
of the spot and in an exclusive report
that was free from the sheet through the internet
politely it was one of the respondents
press kitchen
I heard about the simple girl because
the deal had never heard of the
girl and she does a blog makeup like this
she earns 10 bucks only combines hellman already
it is obvious that it suddenly cpf
increased but not the issue so she
live this pattinson lives do not know why
so I doubt she'll take a chance or
at least it received a proposal
Can you be sure of my chance to leave?
Granny baton or did not find 100 kg
I think the woman is not she can
to work it has a base of money
that sure money that is that of the rivers
that she already knows that she already has a
movement of the outraged but it can
be available to this Mexicans
also
and how you take off how it turns
greenbacks in your life you have to
to face an adsense account if people
it will not go too deep here people
can even make a video explaining
exactly but broadly are you
create an account you 'll face
your real name on your channel side of the
Bank of the setinha that goes for approval
or send the letter to your home understand
the address is right
Thanks.
$ 100 will talk went from 100
goals and can already withdraw youtube can
to serve as a showcase for your
work you can explore this as you
I think the guy thinks stf has
these same people will
hire the guys present in our
case the viruses are suddenly 1
absurdly high for us to win
only with them but we can be
combined as you have already done workshops
college in the south and from there
to earn a raise or a group here
or that by demand we can
a video to avoid you tell me the
publisher or yourself say or do
videos for youtube
indirectly we are seeing this
youtube account as showcase with
certainty or in the case of there fábio porchat
It's in the back door, the guy is
The famous Fiat was called to be
Camila rabbit advertising boy who has
A makeup blog today was now
little end
I know you're watching this video but
she made an action for riachuelo or
that even passed youtube but she did not
was on her name won out won
money with it all using the
showcase visibility that the tool
Gave it to you is the great conclusion of this
My whole story is my friend than that.
as the male squid mec did not say that
middle is the message
nowadays each channel is your
Do you take care of your media and take care?
well enjoy the various ways you
You have to earn money using YouTube and
in the end when I have
all settled all clear has yielding
in 10% and ties in taji beyond his
because in these beauty tips
we see in the next video out there
That joinha clicks on her clubs was
the first one you put in and send the
10% that will go very well for us
It is with pleasure everything beside him
young doctor